At a meet up in a blog article.If you've been around the JavaScript community,
you've likely heard the term functional programming floating around, but what is it?
Is it really a JavaScript thing?
In fact, functional programming is just a style of programming,
also known as the programming paradigm that can be used in almost any language.
What makes functional programming so attractive is that it focuses on being simple and
efficient with a few rules to follow that can
make large programs more reliable and predictable.
These rules are actually derived from mathematics,
in particular a branch of calculus called lambda calculus.
Though the rules are simple,
they hold a wealth of good practices that will
benefit you even if you never code in a functional program.